docs: clarify revalidate behavior in edge runtime (#69533)
vercel/next.js: docs/02-app/01-building-your-application/04-caching/index.mdx

The Route Segment Config options can be used to override the route segment defaults or when you're not able to use the `fetch` API (e.g. database client or 3rd party libraries).

> The following Route Segment Config options will opt out of Full Route Cache:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following Route Segment Config options will opt out of the Full Route Cache:
```

- `const dynamic = 'force-dynamic'`

> This config will opt out of the Data Cache:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This config option will opt all fetches out of the Data Cache (i.e. `no-store`):
```

- `const fetchCache = 'default-no-store'`

> See the [`fetchCache`](/docs/app/api-reference/file-conventions/route-segment-config#fetchcache) for more Data Cache options.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See the [`fetchCache`](/docs/app/api-reference/file-conventions/route-segment-config#fetchcache) to see more advanced options.
```
